(1)Bernouli Trial: 
        Eight balls are drawn from a bag containing 10 white and
10 black balls. Predict whether the trials are Bernoulli trials if the
ball drawn is replaced and not replaced.

(2)Bionomial Law:
        Let k be the number of active speakers in a group of 8
speakers. Suppose that a speaker is active with probability
1/3. Find the probability that the number of active speakers
is greater than 6.

(3)Geometric Distrution:
        Computer A sends a message to computer B over an
unreliable radio link. The message is encoded so that B can
detect when errors have been introduced into the message
during transmission. If B detects an error, it requests A to
retransmit it. If the probability of a message transmission
error is 0.1, what is the probability that a message needs to
be transmitted i) twice ii) more than two times?

(4)Random Varible:
        A coin is tossed three times and the sequence of heads and
tails is noted. The sample space for this experiment is S =
{HHH, HHT, ... , TTT}. Let X be the number of heads in the
three tosses. Let Y be the number of points obtained for
each outcome such that 8 points are awarded for three
heads, 1 point for two heads and no point otherwise. Find SY.

(5)Probability Mass Function:
        Let Y be the number of points obtained for each outcome in
three independent tosses of a fair coin such that 8 points
are awarded for three heads, 1 point for two heads and no
point otherwise. Find the pmf of Y.

(6)Expected Value:
        A fair coin is flipped 5 times and the number of heads X is
noted. Find the pmf and E[X] of X.

(7)Variance Of Discrete:
       Let X be the number of heads in three tosses of a fair coin.
Find VAR[X].

(8)Bayes Theorem:
        Eight balls are drawn from a bag containing 10 white and
10 black balls. Predict whether the trials are Bernoulli trials if the
ball drawn is replaced and not replaced.

(9)Total Probability:
       An urn contains two black balls and three white balls. Two
balls are selected at random from the urn without
replacement and the sequence of colors is noted. Find the
probability that the second ball is white (irrespective of
first outcome).

(10)Conditional Probability:
        An urn contains two black balls and three white balls. Two
balls are selected at random from the urn without
replacement and the sequence of colors is noted. Find the
probability that both balls are black.

 


